## Ruby Gem Finder

Look at it live [here](http://polar-chamber-78136.herokuapp.com)

Notes:
* I chose to throw in React because I'm pretty familiar with it, including the dependencies and how to configure webpack for it. And while it might be a bit heavy for a little project like this, frameworks like React have built into them nice separation between template and code. And since React encourages de-composing your page into many smaller components, I find it helps me organize my frontend into nice small pieces with encapsulated responsibilities and encourages good code structure and dependency inversion.
* Testing with `localStorage` is is pretty strange. I tried to pull in an npm library which was a mock localStorage but it seemed to be meant for overwriting `global.localStorage` or `window.localStorage` rather than for injecting as a dependency into a wrapper service like I was doing. After futzing with it a while, I decided to write my own fake localStorage. My tests ended up making assertions about the internal state of my dependency which really goes against best testing practices, BUT it was the only way I felt confident that my component was actually putting things inside of localStorage and that the data was truly getting serialized correctly. I'm pretty interested in making a little library that has both a) a wrapper around localStorage that handles the JSON stringify/parsing for you and b) a test fake that's easy to make assertions about
* In the interest of time, I did not throw a feature/behavioral test around this as I didn't want to fall down a rabbit hole of finding out the best js based feature testing tool. There are a couple places of integration that actually are not tested right now, namely the connection of the "addToFavorites" method to the SearchResult component and the "removeFromFavorites" method to the Favorite component. While it's possible to test that through the App's unit tests, I think that's putting the wrong kind of responsibility in that test.